Clarify Tessera node behavior on start (#997)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/Tutorials/Privacy/Configuring-Privacy.md

tessera -configfile tessera.conf
```

!!! note

    After starting the first Tessera node and before starting the other nodes, the log message `failed to connect to node` displays.

>     This is normal behavior. Until the other peer nodes have started, your node is not connected and displays this warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is normal behavior. Until you start the other peer nodes, your node is not connected and displays this warning.
```

Author: Fixed
